README.md, before:

# Immergence Studios Website

This is the official website for **Immergence Studios**, an animation studio focused on producing world-class animation content.

## Built With

- **Vite** - Lightning-fast development environment
- **React** - Modern UI library for building interactive web applications
- **TypeScript** - Static typing for improved developer experience
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development

## Design and Visuals

The website design is custom-made, with particular attention to selecting images, videos, and GIFs that fit the overall color scheme and theme of Immergence Studios. The media used throughout the site was sourced from **Pinterest**. While I was unable to track down the individual creators of each asset, I’ve curated a [Pinterest board](https://za.pinterest.com/thembamtshelwane/immergence-studios-demo/) where all the visuals can be found, giving credit to the artists.

## What I Learned

Building this website has been a valuable learning experience, particularly in choosing visuals that complement the design and enhance the user experience. I also gained more proficiency with React, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## Limitations

The curent website does not include all its features, i.e. a section showcaing the contact section.

## Live Website

Please check it out. I am always open for suggestions and collaboration [Immergence Studios](https://immergence-studios.vercel.app/)

## Usage

To run this project locally:

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ThembaMtshelwane/immergence-studios.git
   cd immergence-studios

   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   npm install

   ```

3. **Run the React application:**

   ```bash
   npm run dev

   ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to view the website.

Commit message:

Background music added and README.md updated

README.md, after:

# Immergence Studios Website

This is the official website for **Immergence Studios**, an animation studio focused on producing world-class animation content.

## Built With

- **Vite** - Lightning-fast development environment
- **React** - Modern UI library for building interactive web applications
- **TypeScript** - Static typing for improved developer experience
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development

## Design and Visuals

The website design is custom-made, with particular attention to selecting images, videos, and GIFs that fit the overall color scheme and theme of Immergence Studios. The media used throughout the site was sourced from **Pinterest**. While I was unable to track down the individual creators of each asset, I’ve curated a [Pinterest board](https://za.pinterest.com/thembamtshelwane/immergence-studios-demo/) where all the visuals can be found, giving credit to the artists.

## What I Learned

Building this website has been a valuable learning experience, particularly in choosing visuals that complement the design and enhance the user experience. I added background music tp tie the theme all together. I also gained more proficiency with React, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## Limitations

The curent website does not include all its features, i.e. a section showcaing the contact section.

## Live Website

Please check it out. I am always open for suggestions and collaboration [Immergence Studios](https://immergence-studios.vercel.app/)

## Usage

To run this project locally:

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ThembaMtshelwane/immergence-studios.git
   cd immergence-studios

   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   npm install

   ```

3. **Run the React application:**

   ```bash
   npm run dev

   ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to view the website.

## Credits

All visual media assets used were found on Pinterest. Visit my Pinterest board [here](https://za.pinterest.com/thembamtshelwane/immergence-studios-demo/) to view and credit the artists.

The song is [Digital Battleground by Night Rider 87](https://artlist.io/royalty-free-music/song/digital-battleground/77628)
